TribalVerse E-commerce Website Project Description TribalVerse is a
modern, single-page e-commerce application built with HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. It serves as a platform to showcase and sell handcrafted
tribal art and products. The website features a dynamic product grid, a
filtering system by category, a functional shopping cart, and a
responsive design that works on all devices. Features \* Dynamic Product
Grid: Products are loaded and displayed dynamically on the homepage. \*
Category Filtering: Users can filter products by category using the
navigation menu. \* Product Search: A live search bar allows users to
find products by name. \* Shopping Cart: A persistent shopping cart
allows users to add, remove, and manage items. \* Product Details Modal:
Clicking on a product displays a modal with a detailed description and
an option to add it to the cart. \* Footer: A comprehensive footer with
links for company information, social media, and customer support.
Technologies \* HTML: Provides the core structure of the web page. \*
CSS: Styled using Tailwind CSS for a clean, modern, and responsive
design. \* JavaScript: Manages all the dynamic functionality, including
DOM manipulation, event handling, and data management. \* Supabase: A
cloud-based backend service used for managing product and order data.
Setup To run this project locally, follow these steps: 1. Clone the
repository: git clone \[your-github-repo-link\]

2\. Navigate to the project directory: cd \[your-project-folder\]

3\. Open index.html: Open the index.html file in your web browser. Note:
The website currently uses placeholder data. To connect it to your own
database, you will need to replace the placeholder data in script.js
with data fetched from your own Supabase project. Usage \* Browse
Products: The main page displays a grid of all available products. \*
Filter by Category: Click on a category button in the navigation bar to
see products from that category. \* Search for Products: Use the search
bar to filter products by their name. \* Add to Cart: Click the cart
icon on a product card to add it to your cart, or click the product to
view details and add it from there. \* View Cart: Click the shopping
cart icon in the header to view your cart\'s contents. \* View Details:
Click on any product card to see more information about the item in a
pop-up modal.
